feat(mcda) - mcda feature documentation added (#458)
konturio/disaster-ninja-fe: src/features/mcda/readme.md

## MCDA - Multi Criteria Decision Analysis

MCDA is a basic tool to answer localization questions with GIS ("where better do or not to do something").
Users have a need to perform a spatial analysis based on a variety of criteria.
Previously Kontur allowed combining only 2 layers in bivariate-manager feature.
In MCDA feature we can allow users to select as many layers as they need.

## How to use

To start using this feature user needs:

> - feature "bivariate_manager" turned on ("bivariate_manager": true)

Reviewer: what `("bivariate_manager": true)` means?

Author: that feature "bivariate_manager" is turned on =)
it's when bivariate matrix is available

Author: removed this part to avoid confusion, I believe it's clear that it's about user's feature flag

- flag "KONTUR_MCDA": true in localstorage

### Activation

> In Draw Tools user'll see a MCDA button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Draw Tools user will see a MCDA button.
```

Reviewer: Wait, isn't it in toolbar?

Author: It's here 
<img width="425" alt="Screenshot 2023-02-22 at 09 11 03" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/20676525/220537713-259d1f7e-3620-40c5-8cf5-7defa7a5d6e1.png">
Yeah, you're right, it's a Toolbar. 👍

Author: updated
